# StatisticsCalculator
This a very poorly made but quickly whipped up statistics calculator I made in a Windows Forms app. I needed something to conduct calculations and functions for me, as well as display them with just simply entering in datasets and letting it do the hard thinking. I made this for my statistics class because I got really tired of calculating the same things over and over again when I could have a basic app do all that for me. To also add, I realize now I could've just used LinqPad for somethinng like this or maybe python script. However I did not want to bother with figuring it out in python and I felt comfortable working with WinForms that I knew what to do from the start.

You're also probably wondering why I have no comments. Like I said, I whipped this up quick and just needed something do quickly show me the answers to equations just by providing the datasets. I'm breaking a lot of my own rules of how I code, but I liked the mathy parts of it and figured I could maybe come back to these one day. So that's why I felt like it was worth posting on here.

To start off, there is virtually no documentation for this. I hope maybe one day I can modify this to be more object oriented as opposed to be strictly functional. I just needed something fast and worked so this is an "as is" project for the time being. Basically the x dataset should go in DataSet rtf textbox. If there is a frequency associated with it, the DataSet MUST be aligned in ascending order in the DataSet RTF box. I realized that was an issue later on but figured that was a simple workaround. Basically if it's 1, 2, 5, 3, 4; the frequency DataSet will match according to the indexes in Ascending order. So if it has frequencies of 30, 12, 8, 41, and 9, it will correspond to the order of 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. NOT THE ORDER THAT WAS GIVEN! As long as you do that and look at the STD Deviation text file you should be able to add in the data and get what you need pretty easily.
